docs for "Eppo Developer Tools" Chrome extension (#656)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/sdks/developer-tools-extension.md

# Eppo Developer Tools - Chrome Extension

> The **Eppo Developer Tools** Chrome Extension allows you to instantly override flag assignments for local development and to QA features on a shared host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Eppo Developer Tools** Chrome Extension allows you to instantly override flag assignments for your local user in a shared environment, such as staging or production. This helps you easily QA features by enabling and disabling flags as needed and testing the resulting experience.
```

## Installation

To install Eppo's Chrome Extension, navigate to the [Eppo Developer Tools](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/eppo-developer-tools/aommfcceagiaibbaepafcpdfpmpidbme) extension on the Chrome Web Store and click **Add to Chrome**.

> Next, [create a Browser Extension Key](https://eppo.cloud/configuration/environments/browser-extension-keys) in Eppo. Copy the key to your clipboard once it has been created, and paste it in in the "Settings" page of your browser extension. Click **Save** once you have pasted in your key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, [create a Browser Extension Key](https://eppo.cloud/configuration/environments/browser-extension-keys) in Eppo by navigating to Flags > Environments > Browser Extension Keys. Create a new Browser Extension Key, give it a name, and select an environment. Copy the key to your clipboard once it has been created, and paste it in in the "Settings" page of your browser extension. Click **Save** once you have pasted in your key.
```

![Browser Extension Key](/img/developer-tools-extension/browser-extension-key.png)

> Click **Back to feature flags list** to view your list of flags. Click the refresh icon in the extension's header if they don't immediately appear.

Reviewer: At this point the overrides still need to be configured right? If so, we should say something like "You'll be able to see a list of your flags, but will not yet be able to override them. Follow the instructions below to enable overrides for client or server configuration."

Author: updated!
